Douglas Adams	Driving a Porsche in London is like bringing a Ming vase to a football game.
Douglas Adams	Thor was the God of Thunder and, frankly, acted like it.
Douglas Adams	I'd take the awe of understanding over the awe of ignorance any day.
Douglas Adams	The hotel shop only had two decent books, and I'd written both of them.
Douglas Adams	We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
Douglas Adams	I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
Aristotle	Knowledge of the fact differs from knowledge of the reason for the fact.
Aristotle	Universal is known according to reason, but that which is particular, according to sense...
Aristotle	It is impossible for motion to subsist without place, and void, and time.
Aristotle	The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.
Aristotle	That body is heavier than another which, in an equal bulk, moves downward quicker.
Aristotle	Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.
Aristotle	For the things we have to learn before we can do, we learn by doing.
Aristotle	The best friend is he that, when he wishes a person's good, wishes it for that person's own sake.
Aristotle	Misfortune shows those who are not really friends.
Aristotle	Evil draws men together.
Aristotle	Wit is cultured insolence.
Aristotle	A whole is that which has beginning, middle, and end.
Aristotle	Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Aristotle	For the purposes of poetry a convincing impossibility is preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
Aristotle	The roots of education ... are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Aristotle	Liars ... when they speak the truth they are not believed.
Aristotle	Hope is the dream of a waking man.
Aristotle	A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies.
Aristotle	Amicus Plato, sed magis amica veritas.
Aristotle	It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle	What is the essence of life? To serve others and to do good.
Aristotle	We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle	The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Aristotle	There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing and be nothing.
Aristotle	Those who can, do, those who cannot, teach.
Aristotle	Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society.
Emily Brontë	No, I'm running on too fast: I bestow my own attributes over-liberally on him.
Emily Brontë	Rough as a saw-edge, and hard as whinstone! The less you meddle with him the better.
Emily Brontë	Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Emily Brontë	You are worse than twenty foes, you poisonous friend!
Emily Brontë	The tyrant grinds down his slaves and they don't turn against him, they crush those beneath them.
Emily Brontë	Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living.
Emily Brontë	Oh, if God would but give me strength to strangle him in my last agony, I'd go to hell with joy.
Emily Brontë	He's such a cobweb, a pinch would annihilate him.
Emily Brontë	His brightening mind brightened his features, and added spirit and nobility to their aspect.
Gautama Buddha	Well, Lord, is the soul the same as the body, is the soul one thing and the body another?
Gautama Buddha	As rain breaks through an ill-thatched house, passion will break through an unreflecting mind.
Gautama Buddha	Conquer anger with love, evil with good, meanness with generosity, and lies with truth.
Gautama Buddha	Sensual passions are your first enemy.
Gautama Buddha	I spit on my life. Death in battle would be better for me than that I, defeated, survive.
Gautama Buddha	Listen well, listen well, and mull it over in your thoughts!
Gautama Buddha	Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Gautama Buddha	In all things, there is neither male nor female.
Gautama Buddha	In a world become blind, I beat the drum of the Deathless.
Gautama Buddha	Things are not what they appear to be: nor are they otherwise.
Gautama Buddha	To understand everything is to forgive everything.
Gautama Buddha	There is no way to happiness; happiness is the way.
Confucius	Variation: To be wealthy and honored in an unjust society is a disgrace.
Confucius	It is not truth that makes man great, but man that makes truth great.
Confucius	It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
Confucius	The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Confucius	To rank the effort above the prize may be called love.
Confucius	A man's character is formed by the Odes, developed by the Rites and perfected by music.
Confucius	Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Confucius	A man living without conflicts, as if he never lives at all.
Confucius	A scholar who loves comfort is not worthy of the name.
Confucius	When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Confucius	The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
Confucius	Only after Winter comes do we know that the pine and the cypress are the last to fade.
Confucius	There is no body but eats and drinks. But they are few who can distinguish flavors.
Confucius	Benevolence is the characteristic element of humanity.
Confucius	Among the appliances to transform the people, sound and appearances are but trivial influences.
Confucius	Virtuous, worthy, wise and capable people are chosen as leaders.
Confucius	Honesty and trust are promoted, and good neighborliness cultivated.
Confucius	This is the ideal world - a perfect world of equality, fraternity, harmony, welfare, and justice.
Confucius	The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Confucius	I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Confucius	Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Confucius	Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Confucius	Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius	Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius	A hundred girls aren't worth a single testicle.
Charles Darwin	We will now discuss in a little more detail the struggle for existence.
Charles Darwin	Disinterested love for all living creatures, the most noble attribute of man.
Charles Darwin	Even insects express anger, terror, jealousy, and love by their stridulation.
Charles Darwin	A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin	As for a future life, every man must judge for himself between conflicting vague probabilities.
Charles Darwin	I hate a Barnacle as no man ever did before, not even a Sailor in a slow-sailing ship.
Charles Darwin	To my mind there are no advantages and many disadvantages in lectures compared with reading.
Charles Darwin	Science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them.
Charles Darwin	I hope that I may die before my mind fails to a sensible extent.
Charles Darwin	Alas! A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections - a mere heart of stone.
Charles Darwin	The sight of a feather in a peacock's tail, whenever I gaze at it, makes me sick!
Charles Darwin	A cell is a complex structure, with its investing membrane, nucleus, and nucleolus.
Charles Darwin	I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
Charles Darwin	A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there.
Charles Darwin	How I wish I had not expressed my theory of evolution as I have done.
Charles Dickens	Resisting the slow touch of a frozen finger tracing out my spine.
Charles Dickens	The dignity of his office is never impaired by the absence of efforts on his part to maintain it.
Charles Dickens	The civility which money will purchase, is rarely extended to those who have none.
Charles Dickens	She's the ornament of her sex.
Charles Dickens	Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship; and pass the rosy wine.
Charles Dickens	In love of home, the love of country has its rise.
Charles Dickens	That vague kind of penitence which holidays awaken next morning.
Charles Dickens	If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
Charles Dickens	He's tough, ma'am,-tough is J. B.; tough and devilish sly.
Charles Dickens	Cows are my passion.
Charles Dickens	The bearings of this observation lays in the application on it.
Charles Dickens	vices are sometimes only virtues carried to excess!
Charles Dickens	I expect a judgment. Shortly.
Charles Dickens	It is said that the children of the very poor are not brought up, but dragged up.
Charles Dickens	Not to put too fine a point upon it.
Charles Dickens	He wos wery good to me, he wos!
Charles Dickens	'Don't you be afraid of hurting the boy,' he says.
Charles Dickens	It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
Charles Dickens	Never have a Mission, my dear child.
Charles Dickens	The one great principle of the English law is, to make business for itself.
Charles Dickens	Your sex have such a surprising animosity against one another when you do differ.
Charles Dickens	There is a wisdom of the Head, and there is a wisdom of the Heart.
Charles Dickens	Once a gentleman, and always a gentleman.
Charles Dickens	Ask no questions, and you'll be told no lies.
Charles Dickens	Pip, dear old chap, life is made of ever so many partings welded together...
Charles Dickens	Take nothing on its looks; take everything on evidence. There's no better rule.
Charles Dickens	Money and goods are certainly the best of references.
Charles Dickens	Professionally he declines and falls, and as a friend he drops into poetry.
Charles Dickens	I want to be something so much worthier than the doll in the doll's house.
Charles Dickens	I don't care whether I am a Minx or a Sphinx.
Charles Dickens	That's the state to live and die in!...R-r-rich!
Charles Dickens	We must scrunch or be scrunched.
Charles Dickens	It does not matter that Dicken's world is not lifelike; it is alive.
Charles Dickens	No gypsy on earth is a greater vagabond than myself.
Charles Dickens	There is a heartlessness behind his sentimentally overflowing style.
Charles Dickens	I was exposed to Dickens, Dumas, Victor Hugo, de Maupassant, Balzac.
Charles Dickens	The soul of Hogarth has migrated into the body of Dickens.
Charles Dickens	Of all the Victorian novelists, he was probably the most antagonistic to the Victorian age itself.
Albert Einstein	The mass of a body is a measure of its energy content.
Albert Einstein	I have come to believe that the motion of the Earth cannot be detected by any optical experiment.
Albert Einstein	Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.
Albert Einstein	I refuse to make money out of my science. My laurel is not for sale like so many bales of cotton.
Albert Einstein	Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein	The really good music, whether of the East or of the West, cannot be analyzed.
Albert Einstein	I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Albert Einstein	Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Albert Einstein	Force always attracts men of low morality.
Albert Einstein	All of science is nothing more than the refinement of everyday thinking.
Albert Einstein	One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
Albert Einstein	Those who are led should not be driven, and they should be allowed to choose their leader.
Albert Einstein	Time has proved that illustrious tyrants are succeeded by scoundrels.
Albert Einstein	Perfection of means and confusion of goals seem - in my opinion - to characterize our age.
Albert Einstein	Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Albert Einstein	Why is it nobody understands me and everybody likes me?
Albert Einstein	That is simple, my friend. It is because Politics is more difficult than physics.
Albert Einstein	It is easier to denature plutonium than it is to denature the evil spirit of man.
Albert Einstein	A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.
Albert Einstein	Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
Albert Einstein	The great moral teachers of humanity were, in a way, artistic geniuses in the art of living.
Albert Einstein	Bureaucracy is the death of all sound work.
Albert Einstein	The state is made for man, not man for the state. And in this respect science resembles the state.
Albert Einstein	I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
Albert Einstein	That is simple my friend: because politics is more difficult than physics.
Albert Einstein	Try to become not a man of success, but try rather to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein	I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
Albert Einstein	Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else-unless it is an enemy.
Albert Einstein	Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Albert Einstein	God does not care about our mathematical difficulties. He integrates empirically.
Albert Einstein	As far as I'm concerned I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue.
Albert Einstein	The hardest thing in the world to understand is income taxes.
Albert Einstein	I love to travel, but I hate to arrive.
Albert Einstein	Then I would have felt sorry for the dear Lord. The theory is correct.
Albert Einstein	If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or objects.
Albert Einstein	If I can't picture it, I can't understand it.
Albert Einstein	The more I study science, the more I believe in God.
Albert Einstein	Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
Albert Einstein	Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
Albert Einstein	Anonymity is no excuse for stupidity.
Albert Einstein	The most important tool of the theoretical physicist is his wastebasket.
Albert Einstein	Since others have explained my theory, I can no longer understand it myself.
Albert Einstein	I believe in one thing-that only a life lived for others is a life worth living.
Albert Einstein	Philosophy is empty if it isn't based on science. Science discovers, philosophy interprets.
Albert Einstein	I believe the main task of the spirit is to free man from his ego.
Albert Einstein	But then, after all, we are all alike, for we are all derived from the monkey.
Albert Einstein	If I had foreseen Hiroshima and Nagasaki, I would have torn up my formula in 1905.
Albert Einstein	The bigotry of the nonbeliever is for me nearly as funny as the bigotry of the believer.
Albert Einstein	To take those fools in clerical garb seriously is to show them too much honor.
Albert Einstein	It is high time the ideal of success should be replaced with the ideal of service.
Albert Einstein	Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe.
Albert Einstein	The really valuable thing is intuition.
Albert Einstein	Two things are infinite: the universe and the human stupidity.
Albert Einstein	Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
Albert Einstein	Contempt prior to investigation is what enslaves a mind to Ignorance.
Albert Einstein	Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God's love present in his heart.
Albert Einstein	If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
Albert Einstein	Two things inspire me to awe: the starry heavens and the moral universe within.
Albert Einstein	The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Albert Einstein	The search for truth is more precious than its possession.
Albert Einstein	Time and space are modes by which we think and not conditions in which we live.
Albert Einstein	You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.
Albert Einstein	The mind that opens to a new idea, Never comes back to its original size.
Albert Einstein	A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. So is a lot.
Albert Einstein	Education is that which remains, if one has forgotten everything he learned in school.
Albert Einstein	The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein	Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Albert Einstein	Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein	If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker.
Albert Einstein	If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Albert Einstein	Nuclear power is a hell of a way to boil water.
Albert Einstein	If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
Albert Einstein	Information is not knowledge. The only source of knowledge is experience.
Albert Einstein	International law exists only in textbooks on international law.
Albert Einstein	You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Albert Einstein	Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others, it is the only means.
Albert Einstein	The astonishing thing about Einstein's equations is that they appear to have come out of nothing.
Albert Einstein	Einstein was a superb epigramist, who could capture in a single sentence many deep thoughts.
Albert Einstein	Einstein was confused, not the quantum theory.
Albert Einstein	Einstein knew everything.
Albert Einstein	It did not last: the Devil howling 'Ho!Let Einstein be!' restored the status quo.
Albert Einstein	I like quoting Einstein. Know why? Because nobody dares contradict you.
T. S. Eliot	I am tired with my own life and the lives of those after me.
T. S. Eliot	A dangerous person to disagree with.
T. S. Eliot	Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T. S. Eliot	It is certain that a book is not harmless merely because no one is consciously offended by it.
T. S. Eliot	In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo.
T. S. Eliot	So how should I presume?
T. S. Eliot	And how should I presume?
T. S. Eliot	And how should I begin?
T. S. Eliot	I should have been a pair of ragged claws  Scuttling across the floors of silent seas.
T. S. Eliot	Here I am, an old man in a dry month, Being read to by a boy, waiting for rain.
T. S. Eliot	Weave the wind. I have no ghosts, An old man in a draughty house Under a windy knob.
T. S. Eliot	I was neither Living nor dead, and I knew nothing, Looking into the heart of light, the silence.
T. S. Eliot	We are the hollow men We are the stuffed men Leaning together Headpiece filled with straw.
T. S. Eliot	For Thine is the Kingdom.
T. S. Eliot	Life is very long.
T. S. Eliot	Prophesy to the wind, to the wind only for only The wind will listen.
T. S. Eliot	The Eagle soars in the summit of Heaven, The Hunter with his dogs pursues his circuit.
T. S. Eliot	Let me show you the work of the humble. Listen.
T. S. Eliot	Much to cast down, much to build, much to restore.
T. S. Eliot	The soul of Man must quicken to creation.
T. S. Eliot	Light Light The visible reminder of Invisible Light.
T. S. Eliot	O Light Invisible, we praise Thee! Too bright for mortal vision.
T. S. Eliot	We see the light but see not whence it comes. O Light Invisible, we glorify Thee!
T. S. Eliot	When the day's hustle and bustle is done, Then the Gumbie Cat's work is but hardly begun.
T. S. Eliot	And we all say: OH! Well I never! Was there ever A Cat so clever As Magical Mr. Mistoffelees!
T. S. Eliot	It is not enthusiasm, but dogma, that differentiates a Christian from a pagan society.
T. S. Eliot	A wrong attitude towards nature implies, somewhere, a wrong attitude towards God.
T. S. Eliot	Muriel Rukeyser was a breakaway from the irony and fatalism of modernists like Eliot and Auden.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The man who renounces himself, comes to himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The sublime is excited in me by the great stoical doctrine, Obey thyself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Wherever a man comes, there comes revolution. The old is for slaves.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	None believeth in the soul of man, but only in some man or person old and departed.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Yet a man may love a paradox, without losing either his wit or his honesty.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Literature is the effort of man to indemnify himself for the wrongs of his condition.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Self-reliance, the height and perfection of man, is reliance on God.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nothing can be preserved that is not good.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Never read any book that is not a year old.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have yet to be discovered.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I hung my verse in the wind Time and tide their faults will find.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Sunshine cannot bleach the snow, Nor time unmake what poets know.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every man is a new method.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every man I meet is in some way my superior, and in that, I can learn of him.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I read your piece on Plato. Holmes, when you strike at a king, you must kill him.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	What is there in 'Paradise Lost' to elevate and astonish like Herschel or Somerville?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Money often costs too much.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Respect the child. Be not too much his parent. Trespass not on his solitude.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We are always getting ready to live, but never living.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I wish to write such rhymes as shall not suggest a restraint, but contrariwise the wildest freedom.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Children are all foreigners.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The best effect of fine persons is felt after we have left their presence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Man exists for his own sake and not to add a laborer to the state.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	It is easy to live for others; everybody does. I call on you to live for yourselves.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	You shall have joy, or you shall have power, said God; you shall not have both.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The sky is the daily bread of the eyes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Poetry must be new as foam, and as old as the rock.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Blessed are those who have no talent!
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The word liberty in the mouth of Mr. Webster sounds like the word love in the mouth of a courtesan.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The blazing evidence of immortality is our dissatisfaction with any other solution.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Beauty is the mark God sets upon virtue.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Give me health and a day, and I will make the pomp of emperors ridiculous.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every natural fact is a symbol of some spiritual fact.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We are, like Nebuchadnezzar, dethroned, bereft of reason, and eating grass like an ox.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A man is a god in ruins.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The soul active sees absolute truth; and utters truth, or creates.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Genius is always sufficiently the enemy of genius by over influence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Man Thinking must not be subdued by his instruments.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Life is our dictionary.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Wherever Macdonald sits, there is the head of the table.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The soul is subject to dollars.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The ancestor of every action is a thought.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Heroism feels and never reasons and therefore is always right.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	There is properly no history; only biography.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nature is a mutable cloud, which is always and never the same.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I am ashamed to see what a shallow village tale our so-called History is.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We but half express ourselves, and are ashamed of that divine idea which each of us represents.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Discontent is the want of self-reliance: it is infirmity of will.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Thou art to me a delicious torment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Happy is the house that shelters a friend!
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The only reward of virtue is virtue; the only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly, and they will show themselves great.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Tomorrow will be like today. Life wastes itself whilst we are preparing to live.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nature abhors the old, and old age seems the only disease; all others run into this one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	People wish to be settled; only as far as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We are symbols, and inhabit symbols.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Language is the archives of history ... Language is fossil poetry.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every ship is a romantic object, except that we sail in.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We do what we must, and call it by the best names we can.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We live amid surfaces, and the true art of life is to skate well on them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The years teach much which the days never know.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The only gift is a portion of thyself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Good-bye, proud world! I'm going home: Thou art not my friend, and I'm not thine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	For what are they all, in their high conceit, When man in the bush with God may meet?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	But all sorts of things and weather Must be taken in together To make up a year, And a sphere.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	There are two laws discrete Not reconciled, Law for man, and law for thing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Olympian bards who sung Divine Ideas below, Which always find us young, And always keep us so.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Hast thou named all the birds without a gun; Loved the wood-rose, and left it on its stalk.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Not from a vain or shallow thought His awful Jove young Phidias brought.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Out from the heart of Nature rolled The burdens of the Bible old.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Earth proudly wears the Parthenon As the best gem upon her zone.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The world is upheld by the veracity of good men: they make the earth wholesome.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	He is great who is what he is from Nature, and who never reminds us of others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every hero becomes a bore at last.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Keep cool: it will be all one a hundred years hence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Thought is the property of him who can entertain it, and of him who can adequately place it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Men are what their mothers made them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Whatever limits us we call Fate.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nature magically suits the man to his fortunes, by making these the fruit of his character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	That what we seek we shall find; what we flee from flees from us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	All the great speakers were bad speakers at first.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	As there is a use in medicine for poisons, so the world cannot move without rogues.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The world is his, who has money to go over it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Art is a jealous mistress.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	If a man own land, the land owns him.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	You can never do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Solitude, the safeguard of mediocrity, is to genius the stern friend.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The measure of a master is his success in bringing all men round to his opinion twenty years later.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We are born believing. A man bears beliefs as a tree bears apples.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances...Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Make yourself necessary to somebody. Do not make life hard to any.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Our chief want in life, is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nor mourn the unalterable Days That Genius goes and Folly stays.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Fear not, then, thou child infirm, There's no god dare wrong a worm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	He thought it happier to be dead, To die for Beauty, than live for bread.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Wilt thou seal up the avenues of ill? Pay every debt as if God wrote the bill.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Deep in the man sits fast his fate To mould his fortunes, mean or great.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Obey the voice at eve obeyed at prime.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	For what avail the plough or sail, Or land or life, if freedom fail?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	In the vaunted works of Art The master stroke is Nature's part.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Ever from one who comes to-morrow Men wait their good and truth to borrow.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The music that can deepest reach, And cure all ill, is cordial speech.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	God may forgive sins, he said, but awkwardness has no forgiveness in heaven or earth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The best university that can be recommended to a man of ideas is the gauntlet of the mobs.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Can anybody remember when the times were not hard and money not scarce?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of our science.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Don't waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We do not count a man's years until he has nothing else to count.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	There is no knowledge that is not power.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Hitch your wagon to a star.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The most advanced nations are always those who navigate the most.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and the sun.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Science does not know its debt to imagination.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions. The surest poison is time.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Music is the poor man's Parnassus.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	This world belongs to the energetic.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A good symbol is the best argument and is a missionary to persuade thousands.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Each man is a hero and an oracle to somebody.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The heroic cannot be the common, nor can the common be heroic.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The gods sell anything to everybody at a fair price.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Next to the originator of a good sentence is the first quoter of it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	There are many things of which a wise man might wish to be ignorant.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	To live without duties is obscene.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Good bye, proud world! I'm going home; Thou art not my friend; I am not thine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	For what are they all in their high conceit, When man in the bush with God may meet?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	If eyes were made for seeing, Then Beauty is its own excuse for being.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Things are in the saddle, And ride mankind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Olympian bards who sung Divine ideas below, Which always find us young And always keep us so.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Heartily know, When half-gods go, The gods arrive.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Love not the flower they pluck and know it not, And all their botany is Latin names.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The silent organ loudest chants The master's requiem.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	What potent blood hath modest May!
Ralph Waldo Emerson	And striving to be man, the worm Mounts through all the spires of form.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	And every man, in love or pride, Of his fate is ever wide.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	None shall rule but the humble, And none but Toil shall have.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Oh, tenderly the haughty day Fills his blue urn with fire.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Go put your creed into your deed, Nor speak with double tongue.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Whoever fights, whoever falls, Justice conquers evermore.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nor sequent centuries could hit Orbit and sum of Shakespeare's wit.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nor mourn the unalterable Days That Genius goes and Folly stays.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Fear not, then, thou child infirm; There's no god dare wrong a worm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	He thought it happier to be dead, To die for Beauty, than live for bread.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Wilt thou seal up the avenues of ill? Pay every debt, as if God wrote the bill!
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Too busy with the crowded hour to fear to live or die.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	For what avail the plough or sail, Or land or life, if freedom fail?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Go where he will, the wise man is at home, His hearth the earth, his hall the azure dome.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Seeing only what is fair, Sipping only what is sweet, Thou dost mock at fate and care.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Thou animated torrid-zone.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	In the vaunted works of Art The master-stroke is Nature's part. 5.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A creative economy is the fuel of magnificence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The manly part is to do with might and main what you can do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The alleged power to charm down insanity, or ferocity in beasts, is a power behind the eye.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Fine manners need the support of fine manners in others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Good is a good doctor, but Bad is sometimes a better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	God may forgive sins, he said, but awkwardness has no forgiveness in heaven or earth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Hitch your wagon to a star.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Never read any book that is not a year old.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	We do not count a man's years until he has nothing else to count.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The virtues of society are the vices of the saints.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The wise through excess of wisdom is made a fool.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	In skating over thin ice our safety is our speed.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Shallow men believe in luck.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Heroism feels and never reasons and therefore is always right.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The faith that stands on authority is not faith.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	God offers to every mind its choice between truth and repose.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	His heart was as great as the world, but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Can anybody remember when the times were not hard and money not scarce?
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Next to the originator of a good sentence is the first quoter of it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I see that sensible men and conscientious men all over the world were of one religion.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A man is a bundle of relations, a knot of roots, whose flower and fruitage is the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	All mankind love a lover.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every sweet has its sour; every evil its good.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Thou art to me a delicious torment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The condition which high friendship demands is ability to do without it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A nation never falls but by suicide.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	As soon as there is life there is danger.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Build a better mousetrap, and the world will beat a path to your door.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	No member of a crew is praised for the rugged individuality of his rowing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	England laughed at American authorship and we sent her Emerson...
Ralph Waldo Emerson	He is the most original mind America has hitherto produced.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	He liked to taste but not to drink-least of all to become intoxicated.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Emerson: German philosophy that in crossing the great water took some on underway.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A cheery, child-like soul, impervious to the evidence of evil.
Richard Feynman	I had too much stuff. My machines came from too far away.
Richard Feynman	Hell, if I could explain it to the average person, it wouldn't have been worth the Nobel prize.
Richard Feynman	A very great deal more truth can become known than can be proven.
Richard Feynman	Do not read so much, look about you and think of what you see there.
Richard Feynman	Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
Richard Feynman	Energy is a very subtle concept. It is very, very difficult to get right.
Richard Feynman	The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.
Richard Feynman	The Quantum Universe has a quotation from me in every chapter - but it's a damn good book anyway.
Richard Feynman	I'd hate to die twice. It's so boring.
Richard Feynman	This dying is boring.
Richard Feynman	What I cannot create, I do not understand.
Richard Feynman	Physics is to mathematics what sex is to masturbation.
Richard Feynman	The imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man.
Richard Feynman	But, in admitting this, we have probably found the open channel.
Richard Feynman	So far as we know, all the fundamental laws of physics, like Newton's equations, are reversible.
Richard Feynman	The paradox is only a conflict between reality and your feeling of what reality ought to be.
Richard Feynman	I hope ... that you will find someday that, after all, it isn't as horrible as it looks.
Richard Feynman	I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics.
Richard Feynman	Nature's imagination far surpasses our own.
Richard Feynman	You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity.
Richard Feynman	And this is medicine?
Richard Feynman	I have to understand the world, you see.
Richard Feynman	Since then I never pay attention to anything by experts. I calculate everything myself.
Richard Feynman	Jiry, don't worry about anything. Go out and have a good time.
Richard Feynman	The fact that you are not sure means that it is possible that there is another way someday.
Richard Feynman	The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
Richard Feynman	Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.
Richard Feynman	The philosophy of science is as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.
Mahatma Gandhi	Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
Mahatma Gandhi	In matters of conscience, the law of majority has no place.
Mahatma Gandhi	A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.
Mahatma Gandhi	Any action that is dictated by fear or by coercion of any kind ceases to be moral.
Mahatma Gandhi	No action which is not voluntary can be called moral.
Mahatma Gandhi	Satan's successes are the greatest when he appears with the name of God on his lips.
Mahatma Gandhi	Under democracy individual liberty of opinion and action is jealously guarded.
Mahatma Gandhi	Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
Mahatma Gandhi	Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Mahatma Gandhi	Always believe in your dreams, because if you don't, you'll still have hope.
Mahatma Gandhi	It is not possible to make a person or society non-violent by compulsion.
Mahatma Gandhi	It would be a great things, a brave thing, for the Hindus to achieve act of self-denial.
Mahatma Gandhi	The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Mahatma Gandhi	I regard myself as a soldier, though a soldier of peace.
Mahatma Gandhi	I have nothing of the communalist in me, because my Hinduism is all-inclusive.
Mahatma Gandhi	Hinduism insists on the brotherhood of not only all mankind but of all that lives.
Mahatma Gandhi	The very word Islam means peace, which is non-violence.
Mahatma Gandhi	But to me both the parties [Axis and Allies] seem to be tarred with the same brush.
Mahatma Gandhi	Coercion cannot but result in chaos in the end.
Mahatma Gandhi	The man who uses coercion is guilty of deliberate violence. Coercion is inhuman.
Mahatma Gandhi	Muslims must realize and admit the wrongs perpetrated under the Islamic rule.
Mahatma Gandhi	Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Mahatma Gandhi	In the dictionary of Satyagraha, there is no enemy.
Mahatma Gandhi	Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need but not for every man's greed.
Mahatma Gandhi	My life is my message.
Mahatma Gandhi	Poverty is the worst kind of violence.
Mahatma Gandhi	Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Mahatma Gandhi	Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi	The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
Mahatma Gandhi	[asked what he thought of modern civilization] That would be a good idea.
Mahatma Gandhi	To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest.
Mahatma Gandhi	First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Mahatma Gandhi	An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind.
Mahatma Gandhi	God has no religion.
Mahatma Gandhi	Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Mahatma Gandhi	We need to be the change we wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi	Tagore is essentially a modern; Mahatma Gandhi is the St. Francis of Assisi of our own days.
Mahatma Gandhi	He was the only ray of light to help us through these darkest days.
Mahatma Gandhi	My respect and admiration for Gandhi, though not uncritical, was deep.
Mahatma Gandhi	Blud doesn't have the battle pass.
Mahatma Gandhi	Impression of Gandhi! You might as well ask one to give his impression of the Himalayas.
Jesus	Some of the most well-known quotes are in bold.
Jesus	Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness.
Jesus	It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Jesus	Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Jesus	Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
Jesus	Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.
Jesus	I will come and heal him.
Jesus	Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee.
Jesus	Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.
Jesus	Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith?
Jesus	Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.
Jesus	Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole.
Jesus	Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth.
Jesus	Believe ye that I am able to do this?
Jesus	According to your faith be it unto you.
Jesus	See that no man know it.
Jesus	Stretch forth thine hand.
Jesus	He that is not on my side is against me, and he that does not gather with me scatters.
Jesus	Have ye understood all these things?
Jesus	A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.
Jesus	They need not depart; give ye them to eat.
Jesus	Bring them hither to me.
Jesus	Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid.
Jesus	O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?
Jesus	I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Jesus	It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
Jesus	O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt.
Jesus	How many loaves have ye?
Jesus	Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Jesus	Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?
Jesus	But whom say ye that I am?
Jesus	Arise, and be not afraid.
Jesus	Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead.
Jesus	The kingdom of heaven can be compared to a king who wanted to settle accounts with his slaves.
Jesus	Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Jesus	With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Jesus	What wilt thou?
Jesus	What will ye that I shall do unto you?
Jesus	It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Jesus	Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?
Jesus	Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever.
Jesus	Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites? Shew me the tribute money.
Jesus	Whose is this image and superscription?
Jesus	Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.
Jesus	What think ye of Christ? whose son is he?
Jesus	Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
Jesus	Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Jesus	Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.
Jesus	My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.
Jesus	O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.
Jesus	Friend, wherefore art thou come?
Jesus	And be sure of this: I am with you always, even to the end of the age.
Jesus	The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath.
Jesus	...whoever is not against us is for us.
Jesus	In all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.
Jesus	Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.
Jesus	He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth.
Jesus	Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also?
Jesus	Have no fear, little flock, for your Father has approved of giving you the Kingdom.
Jesus	Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.
Jesus	I came to set fire to the earth, and I wish it were already on fire!
Jesus	What is exalted among men is an abomination in the sight of God.
Jesus	Those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.
Jesus	He is a God, not of the dead, but of the living, for they are all living to him.
Jesus	...and he who has no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one.
Jesus	Verily I say unto thee, Today shalt thou be with me in paradise.
Jesus	If I [Jesus] testify about myself, my testimony is not valid.
Jesus	He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
Jesus	You shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free.
Jesus	If you know these things, happy you are if you do them.
Jesus	I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
Jesus	If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
Jesus	It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Jesus	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Jesus	He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.
Jesus	He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth.
Jesus	All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
Jesus	You will exceed all of them. For you will sacrifice the man that clothes me.
Jesus	Behold, I am Jesus Christ. I am the Father and the Son.
John Keats	Sweet are the pleasures that to verse belong, And doubly sweet a brotherhood in song.
John Keats	In drear-nighted December, Too happy, happy tree, Thy branches ne'er remember Their green felicity.
John Keats	Here lies one whose name was writ in water.
John Keats	My chest of books divide amongst my friends.
John Keats	The sweet converse of an innocent mind.
John Keats	The day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!Sweet voice, sweet lips, soft hand, and softer breast.
John Keats	The imagination may be compared to Adam's dream - he awoke and found it truth.
John Keats	O for a life of Sensations rather than of Thoughts!
John Keats	They will explain themselves - as all poems should do without any comment.
John Keats	Works of genius are the first things in this world.
John Keats	Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
John Keats	Every mental pursuit takes its reality and worth from the ardour of the pursuer.
John Keats	There is an awful warmth about my heart like a load of immortality.
John Keats	I think I shall be among the English Poets after my death.
John Keats	Call the world if you please The vale of soul-making.
John Keats	I can scarcely bid you good-bye, even in a letter. I always made an awkward bow. God bless you!
John Keats	Open afresh your round of starry folds, Ye ardent marigolds!
John Keats	Woman! when I behold thee flippant, vain, Inconstant, childish, proud, and full of fancies.
John Keats	To one who has been long in city pent,'Tis very sweet to look into the fair And open face of heaven.
John Keats	E'en like the passage of an angel's tear That falls through the clear ether silently.
John Keats	The poetry of earth is never dead.
John Keats	Stop and consider! life is but a day;A fragile dew-drop on its perilous way From a tree's summit.
John Keats	There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.
John Keats	In spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.
John Keats	Time, that aged nurse, Rocked me to patience.
John Keats	Pleasure is oft a visitant; but pain Clings cruelly to us.
John Keats	He ne'er is crown'd With immortality, who fears to follow Where airy voices lead.
John Keats	'Tis the pest Of love, that fairest joys give most unrest.
John Keats	So many, and so many, and such glee.
John Keats	That large utterance of the early gods!
John Keats	The days of peace and slumberous calm are fled.
John Keats	For to bear all naked truths, And to envisage circumstance, all calm,That is the top of sovereignty.
John Keats	Knowledge enormous makes a God of me.
John Keats	And for her eyes: what could such eyes do there But weep, and weep, that they were born so fair?
John Keats	Love in a hut, with water and a crust, Is - Love, forgive us! - cinders, ashes, dust.
John Keats	For cruel 'tis, said she, To steal my Basil-pot away from me.
John Keats	Ever let the Fancy roam, Pleasure never is at home.
John Keats	Music's golden tongue Flatter'd to tears this aged man and poor.
John Keats	The silver snarling trumpets 'gan to chide.
John Keats	The music, yearning like a God in pain.
John Keats	A poor, weak, palsy-stricken, churchyard thing.
John Keats	As though a rose should shut and be a bud again.
John Keats	And still she slept an azure-lidded sleep, In blanched linen, smooth, and lavender'd.
John Keats	And lucent syrops, tinct with cinnamon.
John Keats	He play'd an ancient ditty long since mute, In Provence call'd La belle dame sans mercy.
John Keats	And they are gone: ay, ages long ago These lovers fled away into the storm.
John Keats	Already with thee! tender is the night.
John Keats	Forlorn! the very word is like a bell To toil me back from thee to my sole self!
John Keats	Was it a vision, or a waking dream?Fled is that music: - Do I wake or sleep?
Helen Keller	One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Helen Keller	The bulk of the world's knowledge is an imaginary construction.
Helen Keller	I do not want the peace that passeth understanding. I want the understanding which bringeth peace.
Helen Keller	Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Helen Keller	Tyranny cannot defeat the power of ideas.
Helen Keller	I trust, and nothing that happens disturbs my trust.
Helen Keller	Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement; nothing can be done without hope.
Helen Keller	Happiness is the final and perfect fruit of obedience to the laws of life.
Helen Keller	A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
Helen Keller	It all comes to this: the simplest way to be happy is to do good.
Helen Keller	The greatest woman of our age.
Helen Keller	I have been a great admirer of you always.
Helen Keller	Whatever you were or are, you're a blessing!
John F. Kennedy	Where in the hell have you guys been? I've been at this bus stop for a whole week now.
John F. Kennedy	We celebrate the past to awaken the future.
John F. Kennedy	Somebody once said that Washington was a city of Northern charm and Southern efficiency.
John F. Kennedy	We have become more and more not a nation of athletes but a nation of spectators.
John F. Kennedy	We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.
John F. Kennedy	And if there is one path above all others to war, it is the path of weakness and disunity.
John F. Kennedy	Disarmament without checks is but a shadow - and a community without law is but a shell.
John F. Kennedy	Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
John F. Kennedy	It's only when they join together in a forward movement that this country moves ahead...
John F. Kennedy	When I was a Congressman I never realized how important Congress was, but now I do.
John F. Kennedy	A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.
John F. Kennedy	O God, thy sea is so great and my boat is so small.
John F. Kennedy	Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.
John F. Kennedy	I want to drink a cup of tea to all those Kennedys who went and all those Kennedys who stayed.
John F. Kennedy	Things don't just happen, they are made to happen.
John F. Kennedy	We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda; it is a form of truth.
John F. Kennedy	This nation has tossed its cap over the wall of space, and we have no choice but to follow it.
John F. Kennedy	This country cannot afford to be materially rich and spiritually poor.
John F. Kennedy	As the idealism of our youth has served world peace, so can it serve the domestic tranquility.
John F. Kennedy	For the unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion.
John F. Kennedy	Certain other societies may respect the rule of force - we respect the rule of law.
John F. Kennedy	No government or social system is so evil that its people must be considered as lacking in virtue.
John F. Kennedy	We must first bring others to see their own true interests better than they do today.
John F. Kennedy	Secondly, what does justice require? In the end, it requires liberty.
John F. Kennedy	The truth doesn't die. The desire for liberty cannot be fully suppressed.
John F. Kennedy	Privilege is here, and with privilege goes responsibility.
John F. Kennedy	I have a nice home, the office is close by, and the pay is good.
John F. Kennedy	Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
John F. Kennedy	A wall is a hell of a lot better than a war.
John F. Kennedy	I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it.
John F. Kennedy	I'm an idealist without illusions.
John F. Kennedy	What would Lincoln have been without the Civil War? Just another railroad lawyer!
John F. Kennedy	One person can make a difference, and every person should try.
John F. Kennedy	A child miseducated is a child lost.
Martin Luther King Jr.	True peace is not merely the absence of tension: it is the presence of justice.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Keep moving. Let nothing slow you up. Move on with dignity and honor and respectability.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Jesus is not an impractical idealist; he is the practical realist.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Let us be practical and ask the question: How do we love our enemies?
Martin Luther King Jr.	Nonviolent resistance is not aimed against oppressors, but against oppression.
Martin Luther King Jr.	The time is always right to do what's right.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.
Martin Luther King Jr.	The evils of capitalism are as real as the evils of militarism and evils of racism.
Martin Luther King Jr.	The best way to solve any problem is to remove the cause.
Martin Luther King Jr.	One of the sure signs of maturity is the ability to rise to the point of self criticism.
Martin Luther King Jr.	The greatness of our God lies in the fact that He is both toughminded and tenderhearted.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Martin Luther King Jr.	There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Martin Luther King Jr.	How long? Not long, because the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Ultimately a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus, but a molder of consensus.
Martin Luther King Jr.	We must either learn to live together as brothers or we are all going to perish together as fools.
Martin Luther King Jr.	True greatness comes not by favoritism, but by fitness.
Martin Luther King Jr.	This morning, you can be on his right hand and his left hand if you serve. It's the only way in.
Martin Luther King Jr.	When people criticize Zionists, they mean Jews, You are talking anti-Semitism!
Martin Luther King Jr.	The old law of an eye for an eye leaves everybody blind.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Justice runs down like water, and righteousness like a mighty stream.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Martin Luther King Jr.	Peace and justice are goals for man.
Laozi	The Tao is called the Great Mother: empty yet inexhaustible, it gives birth to infinite worlds.
Laozi	He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
Laozi	He who knows does not speak; he who speaks does not know.
Laozi	Governing a large country is like frying a small fish.
Laozi	When men lack a sense of awe, there will be disaster.
Laozi	People starved because the ruler taxed too heavily.
Laozi	I am not at all interested in immortality, only in the taste of tea.
Laozi	What I hear, I forget. What I say, I remember. What I do, I understand.
Laozi	When the center does not hold, the circle falls apart.
Laozi	Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner.
Timothy Leary	If you want to change the way people respond to you, change the way you respond to people.
Timothy Leary	Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Timothy Leary	Think for yourself and question authority.
Timothy Leary	That's the left wing of the CIA debating the right wing of the CIA.
Timothy Leary	You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
Timothy Leary	Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top.
Timothy Leary	Seven million people I turned on, and only one hundred thousand have come by to thank me.
Timothy Leary	The language of God is not English or Latin; the language of God is cellular and molecular.
Timothy Leary	The mark of a basic shit is that he can't mind his own business.
Timothy Leary	The most dangerous man alive.
Muhammad	Be my witness, O God, that I have conveyed your message to your people.
Muhammad	One version has, Who is fearful of Allah and spares people from his evil.
Muhammad	Allah's Apostle said, Know that Paradise is under the shades of swords.
Muhammad	Allah's Apostle called: War is deceit.
Muhammad	Allah will not be merciful to those who are not merciful to people.
Muhammad	Fear Allah and treat your children [small or grown] fairly (with equal justice).
Muhammad	He who builds a masjid in the way of Allah, God will build a house for him in the paradise.
Muhammad	...Do not betray, do not be excessive, do not kill a newborn child.
Muhammad	There is a reward for kindness to every living animal or human.
Muhammad	It is better for a leader to make a mistake in forgiving than to make a mistake in punishing.
Muhammad	The best among you are those who are best to their wives.
Muhammad	People, beware of injustice, for injustice shall be darkness on the Day of Judgment.
Muhammad	Oh God, highest friend in heaven!
Muhammad	O Allah, forgive me, have mercy on me and join me to the higher companions...
Muhammad	The one who recites the Qur'an and the one who listens to it have an equal share in the reward.
Muhammad	The best of those amongst you is the one who learns the Qur'an and then teaches it to others.
Muhammad	A hopeful sinner is closer to the mercy of Allah than a hopeless worshipper.
Muhammad	The water of Zamzam is a cure for whatever (ailment) it is taken for.
Muhammad	There should be neither harming nor reciprocating harm.
Muhammad	And We have not sent you, [O Muhammad], except as a mercy to all the creation.
Muhammad	And indeed, you [O Muhammad] are of a great moral character.
Muhammad	His mother Amina said, He was born clean. There was no impurity on him.
Muhammad	'Amr ibn al-'As said, There is no one I love better than the Messenger of Allah.
Muhammad	Muhammad is the exemplar to both worlds, the guide of the descendants of Adam.
Muhammad	I am perplexed my Master! What shall I call thee?
Muhammad	The journey is under your protection. You lead the travelers to the other shore.
Muhammad	And in this world too he is our protection.
Muhammad	Love of the Prophet runs like blood in the veins of his community.
Muhammad	I am the servant of the Qur'an as long as I have life.
Muhammad	The Sufi is hanging on to Muhammad, like Abu Bakr.
Muhammad	The Peace of God be upon him and his Posterity!
Muhammad	I asked the wind: Why do you serve Solomon?
Thomas Paine	He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
Thomas Paine	These are the sentiments of JUSTICE AND HUMANITY.
Thomas Paine	When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
Thomas Paine	It is of the utmost danger to society to make it (religion) a party in political disputes.
Thomas Paine	Mingling religion with politics may be disavowed and reprobated by every inhabitant of America.
Thomas Paine	I offer nothing more than simple facts, plain arguments, and common sense.
Thomas Paine	Wherefore, since nothing but blows will do, for God's sake let us come to a final separation.
Thomas Paine	Where knowledge is a duty, ignorance is a crime.
Thomas Paine	It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.
Thomas Paine	One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests.
Thomas Paine	Why do men continue to practise themselves the absurdities they despise in others?
Thomas Paine	Aristocracy is kept up by family tyranny and injustice.
Thomas Paine	A body of men, holding themselves accountable to nobody, ought not to be trusted by any body.
Thomas Paine	Aristocracy has a tendency to degenerate the human species.
Thomas Paine	The remedy of force can never supply the remedy of reason.
Thomas Paine	It is the nature of conquest to turn everything upside down.
Thomas Paine	I [...] could not avoid reflecting how wretched was the condition of a disrespected man.
Thomas Paine	And the final event to himself has been, that, as he rose like a rocket, he fell like the stick.
Thomas Paine	The Theophilanthropists believe in the existence of God, and the immortality of the soul.
Thomas Paine	Let me have none of your Popish stuff! Get away with you, good morning.
Thomas Paine	I have no wish to believe on that subject.
Thomas Paine	Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
Thomas Paine	It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government.
Thomas Paine	Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself-that is my doctrine.
Thomas Paine	The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Understanding is a two-way street.
Eleanor Roosevelt	When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die.
Eleanor Roosevelt	I think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Eleanor Roosevelt	The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Human resources are the most valuable assets the world has. They are all needed desperately.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Example is the best lesson there is.
Eleanor Roosevelt	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt	The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Women are like tea bags. You never know how strong they are until you put them in hot water.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt	America is all about speed. Hot, nasty, bad-ass speed.
Eleanor Roosevelt	I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
Bertrand Russell	Only in thought is man a God; in action and desire we are the slaves of circumstance.
Bertrand Russell	Philosophy seems to me on the whole a rather hopeless business.
Bertrand Russell	Ironclads and Maxim guns must be the ultimate arbiters of metaphysical truth.
Bertrand Russell	Indignation is a submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires.
Bertrand Russell	The rules of logic are to mathematics what those of structure are to architecture.
Bertrand Russell	The above proposition is occasionally useful.
Bertrand Russell	Righteousness cannot be born until self-righteousness is dead.
Bertrand Russell	I don't like the spirit of socialism - I think freedom is the basis of everything.
Bertrand Russell	[One] must look into hell before one has any right to speak of heaven.
Bertrand Russell	How much good it would do if one could exterminate the human race.
Bertrand Russell	The principal source of the harm done by the State is the fact that power is its chief end.
Bertrand Russell	Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no reasonable man could doubt it?
Bertrand Russell	To understand a name you must be acquainted with the particular of which it is a name.
Bertrand Russell	Reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one.
Bertrand Russell	In art [the Chinese] aim at being exquisite, and in life at being reasonable.
Bertrand Russell	Mystery is delightful, but unscientific, since it depends upon ignorance.
Bertrand Russell	The camera is as subjective as we are.
Bertrand Russell	The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Bertrand Russell	The old often envy the young; when they do, they are apt to treat them cruelly.
Bertrand Russell	I am as firmly convinced that religions do harm as I am that they are untrue.
Bertrand Russell	To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bertrand Russell	A world without delight and without affection is a world destitute of value.
Bertrand Russell	Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
Bertrand Russell	Drunkenness is temporary suicide.
Bertrand Russell	To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Bertrand Russell	Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Bertrand Russell	I regard [religion] as a disease born of fear and as a source of untold misery to the human race.
Bertrand Russell	The idea that the poor should have leisure has always been shocking to the rich.
Bertrand Russell	There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
Bertrand Russell	No rules, however wise, are a substitute for affection and tact.
Bertrand Russell	Two men who differ as to the ends of life cannot hope to agree about education.
Bertrand Russell	Power may be defined as the production of intended effects.
Bertrand Russell	Most people, at a crisis, feel more loyalty to their nation than to their class.
Bertrand Russell	To acquire immunity to eloquence is of the utmost importance to the citizens of a democracy.
Bertrand Russell	The universe is what it is, not what I choose that it should be.
Bertrand Russell	Whatever we know without inference is mental.
Bertrand Russell	I should say that the universe is just there, and that is all.
Bertrand Russell	Too little liberty brings stagnation, and too much brings chaos.
Bertrand Russell	Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination.
Bertrand Russell	Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality.
Bertrand Russell	I feel like that intellectual but plain-looking lady who was warmly complimented on her beauty.
Bertrand Russell	We need a science to save us from science.
Bertrand Russell	Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
Bertrand Russell	Choose your parents wisely.
Bertrand Russell	The secret of happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible, horrible, horrible.
Bertrand Russell	What is new in our time is the increased power of the authorities to enforce their prejudices.
Bertrand Russell	Change is one thing, progress is another.
Bertrand Russell	Science is what we know, and philosophy is what we don't know.
Bertrand Russell	All movements go too far.
Bertrand Russell	Of course not. After all, I may be wrong...
Bertrand Russell	If you're certain, you're certainly wrong, because nothing deserves certainty.
Bertrand Russell	I find that the whiter my hair becomes the more ready people are to believe what I say.
Bertrand Russell	The state is primarily an organization for killing foreigners.
Bertrand Russell	Either Man will abolish war, or war will abolish Man.
Bertrand Russell	Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
Bertrand Russell	I dislike Communism because it is undemocratic, and capitalism because it favors exploitation.
Bertrand Russell	There is an artist imprisoned in each one of us. Let him loose to spread joy everywhere.
Bertrand Russell	There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote.
Bertrand Russell	Why? Surely they can find other men.
Bertrand Russell	Even when the experts all agree, they may well be mistaken.
Bertrand Russell	Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure...
Bertrand Russell	The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
Bertrand Russell	Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame.
Bertrand Russell	Not enough evidence God! Not enough evidence!
Bertrand Russell	War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Bertrand Russell	Few people can be happy unless they hate some other person, nation, or creed.
Bertrand Russell	One must care about a world one will not see.
Bertrand Russell	Better red than dead.
Bertrand Russell	None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
Bertrand Russell	The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Bertrand Russell	The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
William Saroyan	All things lie dark in possibility.
William Saroyan	All I can do is write my stories for mankind, and rest easy.
William Saroyan	It is impossible not to notice that our world is tormented by failure, hate, guilt, and fear.
William Saroyan	What a lonely and silly thing it is to be an Armenian writer in America.
William Saroyan	One of us is obviously mistaken.
William Saroyan	The people you hate, well, this is the question about such people: why do you hate them?
William Saroyan	Chance meetings with living saints and sons of bitches goes on and on.
William Saroyan	Everybody has to die, but I always believed an exception would be made in my case. Now what?
William Saroyan	The role of art is to make a world which can be inhabited.
William Saroyan	Art is what is irresistible.
William Saroyan	This was such bad writing that it was good.
William Saroyan	It seemed to me that I had no right to burn a book I hadn't even read.
William Saroyan	The only thing I can talk about is the cold because it is the only thing going on today.
William Saroyan	A man must pretend not to be a writer.
William Saroyan	If I have any desire at all, it is to show the brotherhood of man.
William Saroyan	I see life as one life at one time, so many millions simultaneously, all over the earth.
William Saroyan	If I want to do anything, I want to speak a more universal language.
William Saroyan	This is what drives a young writer out of his head, this feeling that nothing is being said.
William Saroyan	It is the heart of man that I am trying to imply in this work.
William Saroyan	I have a faint idea what it is like to be alive.
William Saroyan	Everything begins with inhale and exhale, and never ends.
William Saroyan	Every man in the world is better than someone else and not as good as someone else.
William Saroyan	I began to visit Armenia as soon as I had earned the necessary money.
William Saroyan	There was a touch of anxiety in the whole human race about its future.
William Saroyan	A man's ethnic identity has more to do with a personal awareness than with geography.
William Saroyan	I believe there are ways whose ends are life instead of death.
William Saroyan	You write a hit play the same way you write a flop.
William Saroyan	The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.
William Saroyan	I care so much about everything that I care about nothing.
William Saroyan	The whole world and every human being in it is everybody's business.
William Saroyan	My superficial manners stink and my profound manners are almost as bad.
William Saroyan	All great art has madness, and quite a lot of bad art has it, too.
William Saroyan	The business of polishing my shoes satisfies my soul.
William Saroyan	The purpose of my life is to put off dying as long as possible.
William Saroyan	In the end, today is forever, yesterday is still today, and tomorrow is already today.
William Saroyan	I have made a fiasco of my life, but I have had the right material to work with.
William Saroyan	Go ahead. Fire your feeble guns. You won't kill anything. There will always be poets in the world.
William Saroyan	I am enormously wise and abysmally ignorant.
William Saroyan	I believe that time, with its infinite understanding, will one day forgive me.
William Saroyan	There is only good and bad art.
William Saroyan	Nothing has ever been more sure-fire than truth and integrity.
William Saroyan	I believe in my work and am eager for others to know about it.
William Saroyan	It is better to be a good human being than to be a bad one. It is just naturally better.
William Saroyan	Art comes from the world, belongs to it, can never escape from it.
William Saroyan	A play is a world, with its own inhabitants and its own laws and its values.
William Saroyan	Don't forget that some things count more than other things.
William Saroyan	Each person belongs to the environment, in his own person, as himself.
William Saroyan	My work has always been the product of my time.
William Saroyan	We didn't say anything because there was such an awful lot to say, and no language to say it in.
William Saroyan	Their singing wasn't particularly good, but the feeling with which they sang was not bad at all.
William Saroyan	How did money ever happen? What's it mean? What's it for?
William Saroyan	He knew the truth and was looking for something better.
William Saroyan	Jim Dandy waves his stick over and around about the rock in a meaningless-meaningful way.
William Saroyan	I had three secrets and sold them all.
William Saroyan	We know more than we need to know.
William Saroyan	One nickel, one secret. No exchanges, no refunds.
William Saroyan	My illness is life itself.
William Saroyan	Illness must be considered to be as natural as health.
William Saroyan	I can't hate for long. It isn't worth it.
William Saroyan	I loved the theaters, and even though I was hungry, I never spent money for food.
William Saroyan	The world was my home and I was glad to be in it.
William Saroyan	I do not know what makes a writer, but it probably isn't happiness.
William Saroyan	The order I found was the order of disorder.
William Saroyan	What is a street? It is where the living weep, where the dead go off in silence to their peace.
William Saroyan	Nobody seemed to be interested in anything except making money.
William Saroyan	Love of the streets is the love out of which I see deeply I love God, how near I come to the truth.
William Saroyan	The end of life evokes the errors of it, and a fellow wishes he had known better.
William Saroyan	At his best, things do not happen to the artist; he happens to them.
William Saroyan	Merely to survive is to keep the hope greatness, accuracy, and the grace alive.
William Saroyan	The idiot is indeed the good man, but only because he doesn't know any better.
William Saroyan	My work is writing, but my real work is being.
William Saroyan	To remember something or to invent something, it comes to the same thing.
William Saroyan	Before the cat tastes the fish, his whiskers must feel the head.
William Saroyan	A prudent man does not open an umbrella for one drop of rain.
William Saroyan	A great man for the arts should be celebrated not because of the past, but for the future.
William Shakespeare	Beauty itself doth of itself persuade The eyes of men without an orator.
William Shakespeare	Time's glory is to calm contending kings, To unmask falsehood, and bring truth to light.
William Shakespeare	That deep torture may be called a hell, When more is felt than one hath power to tell.
William Shakespeare	Now is the winter of our discontent Made glorious summer by this sun of York.
William Shakespeare	Off with his head!
William Shakespeare	A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
William Shakespeare	What light through yonder window breaks?
William Shakespeare	What's in a name? That which we call a rose, By any other name would smell as sweet.
William Shakespeare	O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
William Shakespeare	The course of true love never did run smooth.
William Shakespeare	Lord, what fools these mortals be!
William Shakespeare	Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind.
William Shakespeare	All that glisters is not gold.
William Shakespeare	The better part of valour is discretion; in the which better part I have saved my life.
William Shakespeare	A man can die but once.
William Shakespeare	Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
William Shakespeare	As merry as the day is long.
William Shakespeare	Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps.
William Shakespeare	Beware the ides of March.
William Shakespeare	Cowards die many times before their deaths;The valiant never taste of death but once.
William Shakespeare	Cry 'Havoc!,' and let slip the dogs of war.
William Shakespeare	Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
William Shakespeare	The time is out of joint: O cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right!
William Shakespeare	There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
William Shakespeare	To be or not to be, that is the question.
William Shakespeare	If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare	Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em.
William Shakespeare	Reputation is an idle and most false imposition; oft got without merit and lost without deserving.
William Shakespeare	Of one that lov'd not wisely but too well.
William Shakespeare	Nothing can come of nothing.
William Shakespeare	How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is To have a thankless child!
William Shakespeare	I am a man, More sinn'd against than sinning.
William Shakespeare	The barge she sat in, like a burnish'd throne, Burnt on the water.
William Shakespeare	Come what come may, Time and the hour runs through the roughest day.
William Shakespeare	Is this a dagger which I see before me, The handle toward my hand?
William Shakespeare	All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand.
William Shakespeare	So long as men can breathe or eyes can see, So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
William Shakespeare	Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments.
William Shakespeare	Golden lads and girls all must, As chimney-sweepers, come to dust.
William Shakespeare	Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows.
William Shakespeare	We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
William Shakespeare	Nothing is more common than the wish to be remarkable.
William Shakespeare	However wickedness outstrips men, it has no wings to fly from God.
William Shakespeare	The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
William Shakespeare	There is plenty of time to sleep in the grave.
William Shakespeare	There is nothing more confining than the prison we don't know we are in.
George Bernard Shaw	I'm only a beer teetotaler, not a champagne teetotaler. I don't like beer.
George Bernard Shaw	The great advantage of a hotel is that it's a refuge from home life.
George Bernard Shaw	My specialty is being right when other people are wrong.
George Bernard Shaw	There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.
George Bernard Shaw	It's well to be off with the Old Woman before you're on with the New.
George Bernard Shaw	The test of a man or woman's breeding is how they behave in a quarrel.
George Bernard Shaw	There are no secrets better kept than the secrets everybody guesses.
George Bernard Shaw	I know Miss Warren is a great devotee of the Gospel of Getting On.
George Bernard Shaw	When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
George Bernard Shaw	The novelties of one generation are only the resuscitated fashions of the generation before last.
George Bernard Shaw	You must not suppose, because I am a man of letters, that I never tried to earn an honest living.
George Bernard Shaw	To understand a saint, you must hear the devil's advocate; and the same is true of the artist.
George Bernard Shaw	All very fine, Mary; but my old-fashioned common sense is better than your clever modern nonsense.
George Bernard Shaw	I hate singers, a miserable crew who think that music exists only in their own throats.
George Bernard Shaw	Even the youngest of us may be wrong sometimes.
George Bernard Shaw	There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw	Economy is the art of making the most of life. The love of economy is the root of all virtue.
George Bernard Shaw	Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
George Bernard Shaw	Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
George Bernard Shaw	Where equality is undisputed, so also is subordination.
George Bernard Shaw	A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry.
George Bernard Shaw	No man can be a pure specialist without being in the strict sense an idiot.
George Bernard Shaw	Criminals do not die by the hands of the law. They die by the hands of other men.
George Bernard Shaw	Beware of the man whose god is in the skies.
George Bernard Shaw	Self-denial is not a virtue: it is only the effect of prudence on rascality.
George Bernard Shaw	Obedience simulates subordination as fear of the police simulates honesty.
George Bernard Shaw	Happiness and Beauty are by-products.
George Bernard Shaw	Riches and Art are spurious receipts for the production of Happiness and Beauty.
George Bernard Shaw	The more a man possesses over and above what he uses, the more careworn he becomes.
George Bernard Shaw	In an ugly and unhappy world the richest man can purchase nothing but ugliness and unhappiness.
George Bernard Shaw	No elaboration of physical or moral accomplishment can atone for the sin of parasitism.
George Bernard Shaw	Reason enslaves all whose minds are not strong enough to master her.
George Bernard Shaw	Decency is Indecency's Conspiracy of Silence.
George Bernard Shaw	Those who understand evil pardon it.
George Bernard Shaw	The greatest of evils and the worst of crimes is poverty.
George Bernard Shaw	I can't talk religion to a man with bodily hunger in his eyes.
George Bernard Shaw	Undershaft: My religion? Well, my dear, I am a Millionaire. That is my religion.
George Bernard Shaw	You have learnt something. That always feels at first as if you had lost something.
George Bernard Shaw	He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
George Bernard Shaw	You cannot be a hero without being a coward.
George Bernard Shaw	What really flatters a man is that you think him worth flattering.
George Bernard Shaw	My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world.
George Bernard Shaw	Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.
George Bernard Shaw	Journalists are too poorly paid in this country to know anything that is fit for publication.
George Bernard Shaw	The secret of forgiving everything is to understand nothing.
George Bernard Shaw	All progress means war with Society.
George Bernard Shaw	Why was I born with such contemporaries?
George Bernard Shaw	As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death.
George Bernard Shaw	Custom will reconcile people to any atrocity; and fashion will drive them to acquire any custom.
George Bernard Shaw	All great truths begin as blasphemies.
George Bernard Shaw	You'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race.
George Bernard Shaw	A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of Hell.
George Bernard Shaw	I like a bit of a mongrel myself, whether it's a man or a dog; they're the best for every day.
George Bernard Shaw	If parents would only realize how they bore their children!
George Bernard Shaw	Do not try to live for ever. You will not succeed.
George Bernard Shaw	All professions are conspiracies against the laity.
George Bernard Shaw	I don't believe in morality. I'm a disciple of Bernard Shaw.
George Bernard Shaw	Chloroform has done a lot of mischief. It's enabled every fool to be a surgeon.
George Bernard Shaw	The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it.
George Bernard Shaw	He ain't a copper just look at 'is boots!
George Bernard Shaw	I wouldn't have ate it, only I'm too lady-like to take it out of my mouth.
George Bernard Shaw	I don't want to talk grammar, I want to talk like a lady.
George Bernard Shaw	I aint such a mug as to put up my children to all I know myself.
George Bernard Shaw	Walk! Not bloody likely. I am going in a taxi.
George Bernard Shaw	I heard your prayers Thank God it's all over!
George Bernard Shaw	Time enough to think of the future when you haven't any future to think of.
George Bernard Shaw	I have to live for others and not for myself; that's middle-class morality.
George Bernard Shaw	He must be greatly changed. Has he attained the seventh degree of concentration?
George Bernard Shaw	Political necessities sometimes turn out to be political mistakes.
George Bernard Shaw	Scratch an Englishman and find a Protestant.
George Bernard Shaw	God is on the side of the big battalions.
George Bernard Shaw	Must then a Christ perish in torment in every age to save those that have no imagination?
George Bernard Shaw	The Nazi movement is in many respects one which has my warmest sympathy.
George Bernard Shaw	[Mussolini was] farther to the Left in his political opinions than any of his socialist rivals.
George Bernard Shaw	One man that has a mind and knows it can always beat ten men who haven't and don't.
George Bernard Shaw	God help England if she had no Scots to think for her!
George Bernard Shaw	Well, of course, they notice you. You always hide just in the middle of the limelight.
George Bernard Shaw	Conceive. That is the word that means both the beginning in imagination and the end in creation.
George Bernard Shaw	Your father is a fool skin deep; but you are a fool to your very marrow.
George Bernard Shaw	There are no secrets except the secrets that keep themselves.
George Bernard Shaw	Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
George Bernard Shaw	Silence is the perfect expression of scorn.
George Bernard Shaw	The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
George Bernard Shaw	Life is not meant to be easy, my child but take courage: it can be delightful.
George Bernard Shaw	I have defined the 100 per cent American as 99 per cent an idiot.
George Bernard Shaw	Impression of Gandhi! You might as well ask one to give his impression of the Himalayas.
George Bernard Shaw	You in America should trust to that volcanic political instinct which I have divined in you.
George Bernard Shaw	All government is cruel; for nothing is so cruel as impunity.
George Bernard Shaw	The quality of a play is the quality of its ideas.
George Bernard Shaw	A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
George Bernard Shaw	We have no reason to suppose that we are the Creator's last word.
George Bernard Shaw	The secret of success is to offend the greatest number of people.
George Bernard Shaw	Consistency is the enemy of enterprise, just as symmetry is the enemy of art.
George Bernard Shaw	I know I began as a passion and have ended as a habit, like all husbands.
George Bernard Shaw	A man of my spiritual intensity does not eat corpses.
George Bernard Shaw	The only time my education was interrupted was when I was in school.
George Bernard Shaw	If you're going to tell people the truth, you better make them laugh; otherwise they'll kill you.
George Bernard Shaw	In my view, Anglo-Irish history is for Englishmen to remember, for Irishmen to forget.
George Bernard Shaw	You can't make a man a Christian unless you first make him believe he is a sinner.
George Bernard Shaw	The Bible is most dangerous book ever written on earth, keep it under lock and key.
George Bernard Shaw	The trouble with her is that she lacks the power of conversation but not the power of speech.
George Bernard Shaw	The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw	Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
George Bernard Shaw	I learned long ago never to wrestle with a pig. ... You get dirty and besides the pig likes it.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Dar'st thou amid the varied multitude To live alone, an isolated thing?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The lone couch of his everlasting sleep.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Chameleons feed on light and air: Poets' food is love and fame.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Fame is love disguised.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Men of England, wherefore plough For the lords who lay ye low?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Hell is a city much like London - A populous and smoky city.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Teas, Where small talk dies in agonies.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	I have drunken deep of joy, And I will taste no other wine tonight.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	A lovely lady, garmented in light From her own beauty.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Have you not heard When a man marries, dies, or turns Hindoo, His best friends hear no more of him?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	His fine wit Makes such a wound, the knife is lost in it.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	There is no sport in hate where all the rage Is on one side.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Lift not the painted veil which those who live Call Life.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	That orbed maiden with white fire laden, Whom mortals call the moon.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	What! alive, and so bold, O earth?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	A Christian, a Deist, a Turk, and a Jew, have equal rights: they are men and brethren.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	How wonderful is Death, Death and his brother Sleep!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, The lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Gold is a living god and rules in scorn, All earthly things but virtue.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The word of God has fenced about all crimes with Holiness.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Can man be free if woman be a slave?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	With hue like that when some great painter dips His pencil in the gloom of earthquake and eclipse.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Fear not the future, weep not for the past.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	It doth repent me; words are quick and vain; Grief for awhile is blind, and so was mine.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Thy words are like a cloud of winged snakes; And yet I pity those they torture not.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The dust of creeds outworn.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	On a poet's lips I slept Dreaming like a love-adept In the sound his breathing kept.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	To know nor faith, nor love, nor law, to be Omnipotent but friendless, is to reign.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	He gave man speech, and speech created thought, Which is the measure of the universe.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	All spirits are enslaved which serve things evil.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Death is the veil which those who live call life; They sleep, and it is lifted.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Soul meets soul on lovers' lips.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Wild Spirit, which art moving everywhere; Destroyer and preserver; hear, oh, hear!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Oh, lift me as a wave, a leaf, a cloud! I fall upon the thorns of life! I bleed!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Like an unbodied joy whose race is just begun.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Thou art unseen, but yet I hear thy shrill delight.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	We are all Greeks. Our laws, our literature, our religion, our arts have their root in Greece.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Kings are like stars - they rise and set, they have The worship of the world, but no repose.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Let there be light! said Liberty, And like sunrise from the sea, Athens arose!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The world is weary of the past, Oh, might it die or rest at last!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	I never thought before my death to see Youth's vision thus made perfect.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Most musical of mourners, weep again!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	He died, Who was the Sire of an immortal strain, Blind, old, and lonely.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	To that high Capital, where kingly Death Keeps his pale court in beauty and decay, He came.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The quick Dreams, The passion-winged Ministers of thought.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Ah, woe is me! Winter is come and gone, But grief returns with the revolving year.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	From the great morning of the world when first God dawned on Chaos.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The intense atom glows A moment, then is quenched in a most cold repose.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	He is a portion of the loveliness Which once he made more lovely.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The soul of Adonais, like a star, Beacons from the abode where the Eternal are.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Reason respects the differences, and imagination the similitudes of things.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The pleasure that is in sorrow is sweeter than the pleasure of pleasure itself.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Poetry is a mirror which makes beautiful that which is distorted.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Revenge is the naked idol of the worship of a semi-barbarous age.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Tragedy delights by affording a shadow of the pleasure which exists in pain.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Best and brightest, come away!
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Then, what is Life?
Percy Bysshe Shelley	The more we study, we the more discover / Our ignorance.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Lucretius and his tradition taught Shelley that freedom came from understanding causation.
Starhawk	The test of a true myth is that each time you return to it, new insights and interpretations arise.
Starhawk	Any creative work that is truly alive is influenced by a thousand chance factors in its generation.
Leo Tolstoy	Six feet of land was all that he needed.
Leo Tolstoy	The happiness of men consists in life. And life is in labor.
Leo Tolstoy	The vocation of every man and woman is to serve other people.
Leo Tolstoy	There is only one enduring happiness in life-to live for others.
Leo Tolstoy	You will die - and it will all be over. You will die and find out everything - or cease asking.
Leo Tolstoy	A king is history's slave.
Leo Tolstoy	Everything comes in time to him who knows how to wait.
Leo Tolstoy	The strongest of all warriors are these two - Time and Patience.
Leo Tolstoy	Pure and complete sorrow is as impossible as pure and complete joy.
Leo Tolstoy	Vengeance is mine; I will repay.
Leo Tolstoy	He knew she was there by the joy and fear that overwhelmed his heart.
Leo Tolstoy	Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
Leo Tolstoy	The only absolute knowledge attainable by man is that life is meaningless.
Leo Tolstoy	As long as there are slaughterhouses there will always be battlefields.
Leo Tolstoy	Ivan Ilych's life had been most simple and most ordinary and therefore most terrible.
Leo Tolstoy	If one has no vanity in this life of ours, there is no sufficient reason for living.
Leo Tolstoy	To be good and lead a good life means to give to others more than one takes from them.
Leo Tolstoy	By words one transmits thoughts to another, by means of art, one transmits feelings.
Leo Tolstoy	The activity of art is... as important as the activity of language itself, and as universal.
Leo Tolstoy	In the spiritual realm nothing is indifferent: what is not useful is harmful.
Leo Tolstoy	Division of labor is a justification for sloth.
Leo Tolstoy	Honest work is much better than a mansion.
Leo Tolstoy	Giving alms is only a virtuous deed when you give money that you yourself worked to get.
Leo Tolstoy	Wealth is a great sin in the eyes of God. Poverty is a great sin in the eyes of man.
Leo Tolstoy	Wealth brings a heavy purse; poverty, a light spirit.
Leo Tolstoy	The compassionate are not rich; therefore, the rich are not compassionate.
Leo Tolstoy	If a poor person envies a rich person, he is no better than the rich person.
Leo Tolstoy	The most important person is the one you are with in this moment.
Leo Tolstoy	If you want to be happy, be.
Voltaire	The king [Frederic] has sent me some of his dirty linen to wash; I will wash yours another time.
Voltaire	If this is the best of possible worlds, what then are the others?
Voltaire	Our labour preserves us from three great evils -- weariness, vice, and want.
Voltaire	Let us work without reasoning, said Martin; it is the only way to make life endurable.
Voltaire	Fools admire everything in an author of reputation.
Voltaire	You're a bitter man, said Candide. That's because I've lived, said Martin.
Voltaire	I cannot imagine how the clockwork of the universe can exist without a clockmaker.
Voltaire	The English have only one sauce, melted butter.
Voltaire	Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Voltaire	Business is the salt of life.
Voltaire	Cherish those who seek the truth but beware of those who find it.
Voltaire	Defend me from my friends; I can defend myself from my enemies.
Voltaire	The art of medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Voltaire	God is a circle whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere.
Voltaire	God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
Voltaire	I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
Voltaire	Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Voltaire	No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Anonymous	Question everything, accept nothing.
Anonymous	Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write it should be hard to understand.
Anonymous	Remember the Alamo!
Anonymous	Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will still be among the stars.
Anonymous	It starts when you sink in his arms and ends with your arms in his sink.
